okay so we first haha yeah this contains
less than 2% of gelatin yogi bomber its
what kind of like makes it so [ __ ]
gnarly Yui big money just like melted
fake parts you know like they have
melted skin and bone in gelatin maybe
they have melted like they literally
take the kid that they slaughter it and
then they melt down its bones are in
skin and they put in the marshmallows in
your mouth right now
hmm yeah that's in your mouth you're
actually getting that yeah yeah that's
why I'm not playing
[Music]
can you actually can you feel the
suffering in your mouth is it like
wiggling around their jet popped
that's an opinion it really almost did
like hey there's the your sound effects
[Music]
[Laughter]
and that was the chubby but even that
wasn't chubby bunny challenge
she failed fish wake up three
[Music]